message1.txt


Harris said, however, that the river would suit him to a "T."  I don't 
know what a "T" is (except a sixpenny one, which includes breadand
butter and cake AD LIB., and is cheap at the price, if you haven't had 
any dinner).  It seems to suit everybody, however, which is greatly to 
its credit.

It suited me to a "T" too, and Harris and I both said it was a good idea 
of George's; and we said it in a tone that seemed to somehow imply that 
we were surprised that George should have come out so sensible.

The only one who was not struck with the suggestion was Montmorency.  He 
never did care for the river, did Montmorency.

"It's all very well for you fellows," he says; "you like it, but I don't.  
There's nothing for me to do.  Scenery is not in my line, and I don't 
smoke.  If I see a rat, you won't stop; and if I go to sleep, you get 
fooling about with the boat, and slop me overboard.  If you ask me, I 
call the whole thing bally foolishness."

We were three to one, however, and the motion was carried.

ceaser1.txt

 lw lv d prvw hawudruglqdub wklqj, exw l qhyhu uhdg d sdwhqw phglflqh  
dgyhuwlvhphqw zlwkrxw ehlqj lpshoohg wr wkh frqfoxvlrq wkdw l dp  
vxiihulqj iurp wkh sduwlfxodu glvhdvh wkhuhlq ghdow zlwk lq lwv prvw  
yluxohqw irup.  wkh gldjqrvlv vhhpv lq hyhub fdvh wr fruuhvsrqg hadfwob  
zlwk doo wkh vhqvdwlrqv wkdw l kdyh hyhu ihow. 
 
l uhphpehu jrlqj wr wkh eulwlvk pxvhxp rqh gdb wr uhdg xs wkh wuhdwphqw  
iru vrph voljkw dlophqw ri zklfk l kdg d wrxfk  kdb ihyhu, l idqfb lw  
zdv.  l jrw grzq wkh errn, dqg uhdg doo l fdph wr uhdg; dqg wkhq, lq dq  
xqwklqnlqj prphqw, l lgob wxuqhg wkh ohdyhv, dqg ehjdq wr lqgrohqwob  
vwxgb glvhdvhv, jhqhudoob.  l irujhw zklfk zdv wkh iluvw glvwhpshu l  
soxqjhg lqwr  vrph ihduixo, ghydvwdwlqj vfrxujh, l nqrz  dqg, ehiruh l  
kdg jodqfhg kdoi grzq wkh olvw ri "suhprqlwrub vbpswrpv," lw zdv eruqh lq  
xsrq ph wkdw l kdg idluob jrw lw. 
 
l vdw iru dzkloh, iurchq zlwk kruuru; dqg wkhq, lq wkh olvwohvvqhvv ri  
ghvsdlu, l djdlq wxuqhg ryhu wkh sdjhv.  l fdph wr wbskrlg ihyhu  uhdg  
wkh vbpswrpv  glvfryhuhg wkdw l kdg wbskrlg ihyhu, pxvw kdyh kdg lw iru  
prqwkv zlwkrxw nqrzlqj lw  zrqghuhg zkdw hovh l kdg jrw; wxuqhg xs vw.  
ylwxv'v gdqfh  irxqg, dv l hashfwhg, wkdw l kdg wkdw wrr,  ehjdq wr jhw  
lqwhuhvwhg lq pb fdvh, dqg ghwhuplqhg wr vliw lw wr wkh erwwrp, dqg vr  
vwduwhg doskdehwlfdoob  uhdg xs djxh, dqg ohduqw wkdw l zdv vlfnhqlqj  
iru lw, dqg wkdw wkh dfxwh vwdjh zrxog frpphqfh lq derxw dqrwkhu  
iruwqljkw.  euljkw'v glvhdvh, l zdv uholhyhg wr ilqg, l kdg rqob lq d  
prglilhg irup, dqg, vr idu dv wkdw zdv frqfhuqhg, l pljkw olyh iru bhduv.   
fkrohud l kdg, zlwk vhyhuh frpsolfdwlrqv; dqg glskwkhuld l vhhphg wr kdyh  
ehhq eruq zlwk.  l sorgghg frqvflhqwlrxvob wkurxjk wkh wzhqwbvla  
ohwwhuv, dqg wkh rqob pdodgb l frxog frqfoxgh l kdg qrw jrw zdv  
krxvhpdlg'v nqhh. 
 
 
 





